Mafuyu-san!
Please go out with me!
What is this?
My talk app account.
If you wouldn't mind...
What? Talk app?
My mom hasn't given me a phone yet,
so Mafuyu don't know what that is.
Bye-bye!
Come again!
I'LL TEACH YOU
Mafuyu-san...
Th-That was a major rejection.
Of course.
I'd never go for a guy like that.
Because he's a customer?
Not only that.
If you're seriously declaring
your love for someone,
you give them your cell number
and mail address, not a talk app.
Ah, that's the reason?
But he was really tall, huh?
He was out of the frame.
It would've been funny to see him
standing next to Mafuyu-san!
Don't get your kicks
from my physical attributes.
There's nothing wrong with that!
A height gap couple is super moe!
When they hold hands...
Leave me out of your imaginings.
Did someone ask Hoshikawa out?
That's right! Mafuyu-san is popular!
I guess pigs go
for the loli younger sister type!
But standing next to Hoshikawa,
Mafuyu
Hoshikawa
HEIGHT
an average guy would
look like her father or older brother.
AVERAGE MALE
20 YEARS+
I don't think she has to worry about that.
But with a major height difference,
wouldn't there be inconveniences?
Some things would be difficult to do.
For example, se—
Just leave it at that.
It's nothing!
- Se—
SHUT UP!!
In the first place,
he only knows me from here,
so confessing his love is a mistake.
I'm sure he's just into lolis.
Yep, yep!
I don't think that's the case.
Okay, he sees me at work,
but would he want to go out with me
if he saw the real me?
You're supposed to say yes.
Well, there is a significant gap.
You're too hard on yourself, Mafuyu-san!
No, I'm not. I'm just putting
the cards on the table.
Mafuyu-san, i-if there's love, then
a height difference shouldn't...
You know, I'm not especially looking.
All right!
Let's have another fun day at work!
Exactly!
Even with a height difference,
if you tried going out, it might work out!
For now,
why not try a simulation with the shop's
tallest member, the manager?
Me?
Rejected.
What's rejected?
And that's where we're at.
I see.
Well, leave it to me.
Being tall is a gentleman's status symbol.
I'll make Mafuyu-san understand that.
What kind of gentleman doesn't take a knee
and look into a lady's eyes?
Sorry.
Manager, to make a girl swoon,
get her between your body and a wall!
All right!
I'll show you my true ability!
Sorry.
That's the saddest attempt
at a romantic move I've ever seen.
HOSHIKAWA
Nee-chan, will you ever get a boyfriend?
Huh? Why?
Well, all you do is work at that job
and help out at home.
I don't especially want a boyfriend.
He'd only rob me of my free time.
Free time?
By going out on dates or whatever...
I wouldn't be able to watch kids' anime
in real-time anymore.
Oh.
I have some time before my shift starts.
Everyone's making a big fuss
over something.
Hey!
WHOAAAAA
Yay!
You attracted a gallery again at the arcade.
The idea was just to blow off a little steam,
but then I got into it.
Y-You...
have stress?
Whoa! Mafuyu-san,
that's not a nice thing to say!
I'm kidding.
But it's not like you.
Did something happen?
Actually...
I failed a test at school,
so I have to take a make-up.
What'd you do that for, Mafuyu-san?
If that's your situation,
you've got no business playing video games!
I-I know, but Mafuyu-san, that was mean.
What was mean?
I-I have a reason for playing the game.
A reason?
When I told my mom
that I had to take a make-up...
For crying out loud! You...
Listen!
If you don't get at least
an average score on the make-up test,
you're banned from playing video games!
So...
I wanted to play as much as possible now
while I still have the chance!
I'm going to hit you with one more chop.
All you have to do is study
until the make-up test.
What's the subject?
Math!
I know I have to study,
but I don't know how to do it!
It can't be helped.
I'll teach you.
Really?
You'll really teach me?
Yes, but...
if you get one answer wrong...
You know?
I'm kidding.
We're going to study here?
We can't study at either of our houses,
so this is all that's left.
Do you often come
to cafés like this, Mafuyu-san?
Yeah. I like the atmosphere,
and the coffee's good.
And you drink black coffee!
How mature!
I like it simple.
But...
it's annoying being thought of as a child
when I make an order.
Maybe you'd prefer a sweet drink?
It's a pain, right?
This is difficult!
You should be able to solve these problems
with first-year math skills.
Being at a fancy café like this
makes me want to crack open a laptop.
Do you have a laptop?
No. I have a desktop.
I carry a tablet around.
It's light and convenient!
This should be all you need.
What's wrong? Why are you
looking at me like that?
You've got a tablet,
and you turned it into a game console.
Th-That's not true!
I also use it to search for stuff.
Yeah, searching
for game strategy sites, right?
Bingo, huh?
B-But these games are apps!
They're login games,
where you can only play half for free!
So I can only complete half of each game!
It seems you require a spartan education.
What's wrong?
You seem kind of down.
Recently, Mafuyu-san has been tutoring me,
but she's so strict
that it makes me frazzled.
You can't even read it?
Kaho-san...
You shouldn't say it makes you frazzled.
Mafuyu-san asked me
if she could change her shift.
I'm sure it was so she could tutor you.
When she goes that far,
it's like she's your older sister!
Huh?
Isn't that black?
Yeah. I was curious about the taste
of what you always drink.
I could've just given you a sip.
That's okay!
Don't complain if you can't finish it.
It'll be fine!
Want me to get some sugar and milk?
Yep.
You're starting to get these right.
Yep!
You're strict but good at teaching!
Really? It makes me happy to hear that.
My plan is to be an elementary school
or nursery school teacher.
That's the first I've heard! Really?
You're going to be a teacher, huh?
S-So cute...
You're imagining something rude, aren't you?
Good morning!
Kaho-san, are you tired today?
I was preparing for my makeup test
and didn't get enough sleep.
Um, you've got bags under your eyes.
What? No way!
Yikes! You're right!
What should I do?
It's admirable that you've been studying
every day like I told you,
but you can't serve customers
with bags under your eyes.
I'll cover them up with makeup,
so come with me.
Okay, that'll do.
Wow! The bags are gone!
She cleverly concealed them!
You really are an adult, Mafuyu-san!
All I can do is put on foundation
and mascara, and fix my eyebrows.
You're a high school student, so that's plenty.
Oh, I've got it!
Mafuyu-san! Make my face look
even cooler with makeup!
M-Make me look even cooler, too!
What's this "even cooler" thing?
I gave it a shot, but you two
already have natural good looks,
so the makeup doesn't add much.
Really?
Now my eyelashes are nice and firm!
Keeping it simple would make
an even bigger difference.
I don't think that would work for me.
Hey!
You're not gonna go in?
Simple raw materials...
I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
They'll probably treat you like a plaything.
Plaything?
What's going on? Are you playing
a video game or something?
Wh-Wha...
Welcome.
I'm itching to get started.
Seriously, what's going on?
What do you have in mind?
Why are you so excited?
Amen.
F-Finished!
W-Wow!
One makeover
and it's like a different person!
It's kind of like, what...
What is makeup again?
Me? Is this me?
This must be special effects makeup.
I-I don't mean to brag, but...
I'm a gorgeous girl!
You could even work as a waitress with us!
In that case, what would his character be?
I don't know.
Maybe genderswap?
His body hasn't changed,
so genderswap wouldn't work.
And anyway...
taken as a whole, he's just creepy.
That's a bad balance!
You guys sound lively today—
Who is this mismatched girl?
What kind of label is that?
Does that voice belong to Akizuki-san?
What in the world is going on here?
Quit taking photos!
Jeez!
Manager, are you okay?
Yes, more or less. Huh?
Maika-san, you seem different today.
Mafuyu-san did my makeup!
This is my chance
to make a favorable impression!
I'll give her a heart-melting compliment!
Y-You already had good looks,
so the makeup makes you even prettier!
Your eyelashes are finely curved!
Like...
Like a camel!
Camel?
Bad word choice!
The words don't flow when I'm nervous!
Maika-san might hate me now!
You...
You compared me to a cute animal like that?
Jeez. Playing with a guy's face...
Akizuki-kun...
Well? Did the makeup come off?
Yeah, after some scrubbing.
She gave me a makeover, too.
Yeah, I could tell.
That's a weak response!
I mean, how can I put this?
After I saw my own face,
the impact for other people is lessened.
I wasn't looking to make an impact!
To be honest,
it doesn't really make you look any cuter.
Th-That's terrible!
I don't mean that in a bad sense!
In other words...
No, never mind.
What? What? Tell me!
It's nothing! You look cute, okay?
You look cute!
Liar! Tell me what you were gonna say!
It's creepy if you don't!
Tell me! Tell me!
Look... it's...
Come on!
Come on, already!
Look, dammit!
You were plenty cute already
without all that makeup!
Don't wring lines like that outta me!
Wha...
What was that? You tsundere...
What kind of feeling is that?
My makeup was perfect today,
so I got a lot of compliments
from the customers which made me happy!
If you liked it, you want me to teach you?
Nah.
I'll save the makeup
for when I'm a little more mature.
For now, I guess I'll go with the usual.
Good call.
Instead of forcing makeup on yourself,
you should take care of your skin—
What's wrong?
Don't suddenly scream out.
You startled me.
A-After all, there's a big caterpillar
on my clothes!
Kaho, this isn't a caterpillar.
It's one of the false eyelashes I put on you.
Oh...
I'm definitely done with makeup for a while.
Yes.
Right now, instead of makeup,
we need to prep for that makeup test!
Mafuyu-san!
Look, Mafuyu-san!
MATH MAKEUP TEST
81%!
I passed!
You got a higher score than I expected.
You can do it when you put your mind to it.
Thank you, Mafuyu-san!
Okay, okay. Good for you.
Making a fuss like this
is interrupting the other customers.
Now that the makeup test is over,
I guess I won't be meeting
Mafuyu-san here again.
Mafuyu-san...
Um...
Listen...
The next time we're both free,
wanna get a drink at that café again?
Oh. Sure.
Really?
Yes.
All right! Yay! Yay!
But...
you've got to study hard
so you don't fail another test.
You mean we're gonna study again?
I'd rather chill out
and play video games there!
Good morning!
Morning!
Huh?
Kaho-san, you drink black coffee?
Once in a while these days!
You've got adult tastes, Kaho-san!
As if! In fact,
I'm pretty much forcing it down.
Is it really bitter?
Very.
But I guess
there's another flavor in there, too.
Another flavor?
The flavor
of an adult older sister.
BAD AT ROMANTIC MOVES
GOOD AT TSUNDERE,
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?